{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue7;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c14913\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dear DIB editors, \
\
We have implemented the requested changes:\cb1 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 1. Abstract: Please cite your companion research article in the abstract (title, or doi, and reference number only, e.g. "Title" [1]), and point the reader there for interpretation.\
\
\cf5 Done\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \
\cf4 \cb3 2. Data: It seems that a few of your data files provided in the Supplementary material are not in an open format. Please note that all data including supplementary files, must be shared in an open format that is easily accessible to the vast majority of people who may reuse this data. If you would like to share specific type of file (e.g. microscopy) that needs a special software to be opened you should also add another version of the file that can be seen by everyone.\cb1 \
\cb3 Please while retaining your data files in original format provide another version in any open format and re-submit your manuscript.\cf2 \
\
Done. All files are nor complemented with .png files (and some are additionally explained in .pdf files.\cb1 \
\
\cf4 \cb3 3. References are limited (a max. of 20) and excessive self-citation is not allowed. Please reduce the references.\cf2 \
\
\cf5 Done. We now have only 18 references, and we reduced also self-references (even though that lowers the quality of the submission since some of the references we had to eliminate provide direct explanations for the data files).\cb1 \
\cf2 \
\cf4 \cb3 4. Please provide the 'Ethics Statement' section. You can refer to the new data article template (available here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.elsevier.com/dib-template"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc6 www.elsevier.com/dib-template}}).\cf2 \
\
\cf5 Done. We have now submitted an ethics statement.\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \
\cb3 Please log onto Elsevier Editorial System as an Author:\
\
Beste regards, \
   Christoph Benzm\'fcller \cb1 \
}